---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: ITM 352 Introduction
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-14
labels:
  - Self introduction
  - ITM
---


BrowserHitstory1 was my first time coding without the instruction because I didn’t know Professor Port has a upload video on the Laulima. All I have are the screencast on Laulima and doing research online while working with the assignment. Well, it all because I didn’t know there is a BrowerHistory1 screencast was upload it to YouTube. If I knew it, my whole workflow must be more efficient. However, there are server problems that I want to address here while I was working on my code. First of all, when I first get start with my code, I forgot to save it frequently in order to see the progress. I was confuse there is nothing loading on my browser after I enable with my server. I spend a lot of time to double checking everything on my port and my url. Take me more than 30 minutes to figure out there is nothing loading on my browser because I did not save my code. I think this is one of my advice for vs code beginner to save your work frequently. Second thing that I want to mention about was the try copy the code as possible. While working on my code, I tend to type in everything to the to the VS code because I thought that would be more precise for copying. However, I realized that if I could finish one section first, I can copy and paste my code to the other section and replace the information as required. It could help me to save a lot of time on working on the BrowserHistory2 and BrowserHistory3. Lastly, CSS is every efficient coding for similar style. I couldn’t use CSS very well at the beginning, and I could only add the stylesheet at the end of my code. However, when I was working on my BrowserHistory2 and BrowserHistory3, I found that was way convenience to standardize my html website.

My advice to those who has struggling with coding the Browsinghistory assignment is start the server first, and you can frequently save the code in order to see the progresses. Also, try to work on you code step by step. My experience told me that there is a reason why the screencast would have a specific step, and It might help you to understand something. Also, typing code might easy to make a mistake without notice, My advice on working on your code is try to work on on section first, if you could, try to copy your code to another section and change the information. It could be more efficient than typing the code line by line. My first trial tool me 20 minute for typing each line on the VS code. When I got more familiar with copying my code, it does not take me more than 15 minute to finish my code. It might be tough for the beginning because you have no idea what to do, specially when you were working on my code and forgot what kind of intellisense, but when you get used to it when you got more practice. Just need to be patient when working with VS code, try to read your line after each code. On the one hand, you could learn how to avoid mistake when coding on VS code, on the other hand, you could learn how does VS work when question came up.
